Another property that is very important when he comes to see assess grade is justify items and justify
items and the default is right now.
Stretch.
So that if I refresh this nothing's going to change but if I do start and refresh it aligns the contents
in a grid item along what we call the row access.
So the row axes is each row I do and and I refresh we see that there now towards the end.
But a better way to visualize this is to actually use our developer tools.
So if I go to View developer developer tools and we select our grid you see that by clicking on this
pointing icon and hovering over it in Google Chrome we actually see our grid system.
And if I scroll it you see that it actually stays in place.
But you see that we now have our items at the end of our grid system.
Our last item which is to far right over here is justified to the end.
Our second column is justified to the end and we see a bit of a gap here and that is because remember
we have one f r and then the first item because it's auto and the size is according to its content doesn't
really move whether we have and or start here it's already within the maxed space of the grid system.
And just like we have the access around the row.
If I change just to align items and I save and refresh this is hard to see so let's just do five or
300 pixels and refresh your.
We see that a line item is the exact opposite where it's around a column access and we can use start.
And here to move those grid boxes around but most of the time we want this field and we don't want to
move items around so I don't really like using those two properties.
So let's fix that too.
One half our five refresh.
All right we have thinks back to normal.
We're going to close this.
Now the last thing I want to show you inside of this container is my preferred method of actually creating
a grid layout in any web site that I built.
And what I usually like to do is something new that we haven't seen before I usually do repeat and define
here how many rows I want.
Let's say I want three at one that far.
So I want everything to have the same size.
But there's a problem here right.
Because right now this is stretching.
But as soon as we make it too small or too big it's just it's not extremely responsive or it's not 100
percent responsive.
So instead I like using auto fill an autofill just to show you what it does.
If I do something like 300 pixels and I refresh
and now I change the sizing you'll see that our grid system or the column system adjusts auto fills
according to the size of our viewport which is really really nice.
But right now I just said 300 pixels.
So again it's not super super responsive.
So instead we can use something else called the man Max.
And I know this can look confusing.
But if you remember this pattern this is the most common pattern I would say to use when it comes to
CSSA grid.
So once you get used to this you can just copy and paste it and use it everywhere.
And here we want to do is say well the minimum that we want the size of our columns to be let's say
I want the minimum to be 200 pixels.
So that's the smallest it's going to get the max though.
How big do we want these to get.
And this is a common thing.
What do we want as the biggest.
Well just one want our Because as you'll see by doing this they'll will automatically adjust to the
size of the viewport.
Let me just save and show you what I mean by refresh here.
I see I have three here.
It auto adjusts auto adjusts based on our size but you also see that the container itself is also adjusting
in size so that if I go smaller and smaller and smaller
as soon as we head the to 100 pixel minimum it adjusts.
And because we said one f r is the max as soon as the viewport is really very small and goes below 200
pixels it's going to just take up one fraction and in our case it will be the entire screen.
So using this syntax of repeat autofill minimax giving it a minimal we're able to make this completely
responsive.
And as you can see here it's pretty powerful right.
In just a few lines of code we've made this grid system that is completely responsive.
All right up to this point we've just focused on the container but what about the individual items.
What if we want something that's maybe bigger than the other item and we don't want them all symmetrical
like this.
What will we do.
Let's find out in the next video.